docs: improve contributing; add bug report & feature to usage (#130)
ICAIR-Sheffield/LayOpt: docs/usage.md

notes               short cantilever test
```

## Feature Requests and Bugs

If there is a feature missing from LayOpt that you would like to see implemented then you can use the [issue
tracker][issue_tracker] to request a new feature. We have a [Feature request template][feature_request] to facilitate
this.

> If you observe unexpected behaviour or crashes then you can the to make a [bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you observe unexpected behaviour or crashes then you can make a [bug
```

report template][bug_report], although it is worth checking the [issue tracker][issue_tracker] to see if the problem has
already been identified.

The [bug report template][bug_report] has a number of sections requesting information which makes it easier for
developers to understand and replicate the problem so they can investigate and fix it.

> If you now how to code in Python and wish to try adding features or fixing bugs then pull requests are welcome. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know how to code in Python and wish to try adding features or fixing bugs then pull requests are welcome. You
```
